[♪♪♪]
♪ It's the per... ♪
♪ ...fect ♪
♪ Way ♪
♪ To end a per... ♪
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
♪ Day ♪
♪ It's the per... ♪
♪ ...fect ♪
♪ Way ♪
♪ To end a per... ♪
♪ ...fect ♪
♪ Day ♪
♪ Ride with me ♪
♪ Glide with me ♪
♪ Stay by my side with me ♪
♪ Through the night ♪
♪ Ride on the wings ♪
♪ Of the angels, oh! ♪
♪ Who are on our side ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It's a per... ♪
♪ ...fect ♪
♪ Way ♪
♪ To end a per... ♪
♪ ...fect ♪
♪ Day ♪
♪ It's a per... ♪
♪ ...fect ♪
♪ Way ♪
♪ To end a perfect ♪
♪ Day ♪
♪ Ride with me
Glide with me ♪
♪ Stay by my side
Through the night ♪
♪ Ride on the wings ♪
♪ Of the angels above ♪
♪ Who are on our side ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ To say ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ Love you ♪
JIMMY:
One day, we'll...
We'll wake up, and brush
our teeth, and go to work.
And at some point,
we'll suddenly realize...
that we haven't thought
about it at all. None of it.
And that's when
we'll know.
We'll know
we can forget.
[♪♪♪]
[BLINKER CLICKING]
Don Eladio.
Don Juan.
Gustavo.
Don Hector.
[IN SPANISH] Sit.
[IN SPANISH] Thank you.
ELADIO:
Gustavo,
Don Hector has made
a very serious accusation.
[IN SPANISH]
The words I'm about
to read are Don Hector's.
Dictated to
Leonel and Marco,
letter by letter.
"The assault
on my nephew's hacienda failed.
Lalo fought the assassins
and won.
The day after the attack,
Lalo called me.
I heard the truth
from his own lips.
It was Fring who sent the
mercenaries, not the Peruvians.
We kept Lalo's survival
a secret.
My nephew was about
to take his revenge
on the traitor, face-to-face.
Instead, he disappeared.
It is the Chicken Man's doing.
Don Eladio,
look into Fring's eyes.
There you will see the truth.
The Chicken Man hates you.
He is our enemy.
He plots against us.
I demand blood for blood."
Well,
Gustavo?
I have no response.
Gustavo, you must speak.
Have you no defense?
With all due respect,
I don't believe
this merits a response.
[SNORTS]
Did you witness
these phone calls from Lalo?
I was told
you saw Lalo's body.
[IN SPANISH] Yes.
[IN SPANISH]It was burned.
ELADIO:
Didn't the federales
check the teeth?
Yes, Don Eladio.
My brother tells me
the dental records matched.
And that rat Varga.
What did he say before he died?
He said he was in the pay
of the Peruvians, Los Odios.
We know he took their money,
we found bank statements.
Hm.
Well.
It's very late, Don Hector.
Since you've come
a long way, tonight,
you sleep in my bed.
[DINGING]
No, I insist.
No arguing.
I'm giving you my room.
Very comfortable.
And who knows?
Maybe a couple of the girls
will come to visit!
[BELL CONTINUES DINGING]
[BREATHING INTENSELY]
Please.
Good night, Hector.
Sleep well.
[DINGING CONTINUES]
I'd invite you to stay
as well, Gustavo, but...
I don't want my breakfast ruined
by all the...
[IMITATING HECTOR'S BELL]
Aye-aye-aye.
[ELADIO SIGHS]
The peace must be kept.
What do you suggest?
I wouldn't presume.
The South Valley
will stay Salamanca territory.
And the rest of the North,
that'll be for you to manage.
Working under Bolsa.
Thank you, Don Eladio.
Thank you. Your trust
means everything, Don Eladio.
Good.
Gustavo.
When I looked into
your eyes...
Hate.
A little bit's okay.
As long as you never forget
who's boss.
[♪♪♪]
[DOOR UNLATCHES]
The doc left
these for you
in the event that
you made it back alive.
Tell me about
the lawyers.
They spent a full afternoon
with the cops.
Played it as they were told,
maybe a bit better.
The APD consensus is
he walked into the ocean
and killed himself.
Without a body,
they can't close the file.
But for all practical purposes,
it's over.
When can construction resume?
We need to find a new engineer
and a crew to do the work.
That could take
some time.
Start today.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
BRETT:
Mr. Fring. Welcome back.
Thank you, Brett.
What can I get you?
Wine, to start.
Yes, sir.
A glass of the Dressler
& Vaughn, please.
Right away.
Mr. Fring.
It's so good to see you.
It's been a while.
Yes. Too long.
What are you drinking?
The Dressler & Vaughn.
How is it?
Enough said. Brett?
Can you get that bottle
from before?
Now, normally,
we would never have this open.
But a couple hours ago,
I smelled cigar smoke,
and I look up,
and this Cadillac Cowboy
is rolling in,
puffing on
a Montecristo,
and, I mean, we're talking
the full deal.
Stetson and ostrich-skin boots,
belt buckle the size of Utah.
On his arm,
there's a young woman
who somehow
poured herself into
the tightest dress
that I've ever seen.
Anyway, he clearly wants
to impress his date.
So he orders this.
Takes one sip
and sends it back.
For a rum and Coke. Diet Coke.
What can I say?
But his loss
is definitely your gain.
Remarkable.
Mm-hm.
I thought you'd like it.
It is from the birthplace
of Syrah, Côte-Rôtie.
This one is Rene Rostaing,
La Landonne.
So I'm in college.
I make it to Europe,
my first time.
And I got a little enthusiastic
with my Eurail pass.
Long story short...
I get lost.
I mean, really lost.
It is middle of the night,
pitch-black.
I'm standing on this
cobblestone street
with my backpack,
and there's no one around.
I mean, I have absolutely
no idea where I am.
Finally, I get to
this stand of cedar trees.
I just go ahead
and roll out the sleeping bag.
And the next morning,
I wake up and...
I'm in paradise, Ampuis.
It's this perfect little village
in the southeast.
It's surrounded by vineyards,
everything's green and...
They call it the ancient gateway
to the Rhône Valley.
They've been making wine there
since Roman times.
Am I talking too much?
No, not at all.
[CHUCKLES]
The vineyards
are so steep.
They can't get
tractors up there,
so they use horses,
still, to this day.
Do you get that meaty,
almost bloody flavor?
The soil is all
iron oxide and manganese.
You can taste it
in the glass, right?
I have a confession to make.
About a year ago,
you mentioned
a rare vintage
from this same region.
The 1978.
Yes, exactly.
And I must say, you paint
a compelling picture.
I went home that night,
and I bought a bottle.
A 1978 Côte-Rôtie?
Mm-hm.
Mr. Fring--
Gustavo.
I'm saving it
for a special occasion.
Well, I would love
to hear about it
when you have
that occasion.
There's something
I have to show you.
The owner bought
a bottle of Guigal.
I can't open it.
Of course.
But the bottle itself is--
You'll appreciate this.
I'll be right back.
Brett.
Would you let David know
that I've been called away?
Of course, Mr. Fring.
Have a good evening.
Thank you.
[♪♪♪]
SPORTSCASTER [ON TV]:
...for Keith McDonald,
but it looks like Snusz
will come in.
Chris Snusz will be
the pinch runner.
He'll also more than likely
come in to catch,
since Nashville carries
three catchers.
Snusz at first base.
And here is Luke Allen,
left-handed batter.
Throw over to first,
Snusz back.
So Chris Snusz will be
the pinch runner
for Keith McDonald
on that blooper...
[MACHINE RATTLING]
[RATTLING CONTINUES]
[PHONE RINGING]
Yes?
MIKE:
Mr. Varga,
you don't know me.
But I'd like to talk
about your son.
My son?
What happened?
Maybe we can talk
face-to-face.
I'm outside.
Who are you?
It's not important.
I saw you
here before.
Chrysler Fifth Avenue.
What about my son?
I'm sorry.
He won't be found.
It was over fast. No pain.
You were there?
I was there.
Your son made some mistakes.
He fell in with bad people.
But he was never like them,
not really.
He had a good heart.
And one more thing...
You won't have to worry
about the Salamancas.
Their day is coming.
There will be justice.
Justice?
I'm sorry, my Spanish...
Justicia. Justice.
What you talk about
is not justice.
What you talk of is revenge.
It never ends.
My boy is gone.
[IN SPANISH]
You gangsters
and your "justice."
You're all the same.
I think they got
a new trash can.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Ahem, we'll just put in
an appearance.
Twenty minutes, tops.
We can get through
20 minutes of anything.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
There's Francis.
WOMAN:
Hey, Kim...
Hey, guys.
Hi.
Nobody could relate to a client
quite like he could.
And it wasn't an act.
He genuinely cared.
I never saw it coming.
Addiction is a disease.
He was a good lawyer,
and a hell of a guy.
What else is there to say?
It still doesn't seem real.
Mm-hm.
I mean, I...
expect to see him
charging down those stairs
with a big grin on his face.
You know...
this is probably
the last time
any of us will be in
this building.
Why is that?
HHM is downsizing.
Seriously?
Yep. They're gonna take
half a floor downtown.
And they're changing
their name.
KIM:
Changing their name
to what?
Uh...Brookner Partners?
Something like that.
End of an era.
Yeah.
Have you spoken
to Cheryl?
Um, not yet.
To not even have a body
to put in the ground...
I heard she took a leave
from her practice.
Maybe we should go over there
and pay our respects.
Yeah. Ahem.
Rich, good to see you.
I wish it was under
better circumstances.
Me too, Kim.
Take care.
Jimmy...
Ah, Saul.
Bye, Rich.
[SIGHS]
Cliff.
Kim, Jimmy.
Kim, hi.
Hi, Cheryl, um...
I'm Jimmy McGill.
You may not remember me.
I'm Chuck McGill's brother.
Of course.
Very sorry
for your loss.
Cheryl, I'm so sorry.
I can't even imagine
what you must be
going through.
If Jimmy and I
can do anything
for you or your family,
please,
just say the word.
There is something,
actually.
You two were the last ones
to see him, weren't you?
Um...
I guess so.
That's what the police said.
Howard told me
that you were harassing him.
Playing elaborate pranks
of some sort.
That you wouldn't
leave him alone.
I know he thought that.
He told me as well.
I think he
honestly believed it.
You're denying it.
You know what?
I didn't leave here
under the best terms.
The past few years,
I could've been
more considerate to Howard
instead of yitzing him
every chance I got.
I guess...
there was a certain amount
of jealousy on my part
because Howard had
the respect of my brother.
Which I never did.
Tell me
what you told the police.
Okay. Well, ahem, I mean,
it was 11 p.m.,
Howard started pounding
on our door.
He was very upset.
He's going on about something
he thought was my fault.
Guess it had to do
with the Sandpiper case,
but I couldn't make
head or tail out of it.
We tried
to calm him down.
But he just-- He just wouldn't.
Finally he left. That's it.
I'm not oblivious.
I know people are saying
he was on drugs.
Is that what
you're trying to tell me?
It's just...
He just didn't seem
like himself.
Are you hearing
all of this?
Because none of it
makes sense to me.
CLIFF:
Cheryl, maybe we should--
CHERYL:
I don't care
what people are saying.
what the police think.
Howard was not on drugs.
That simply is not true.
There's something more
to this.
I don't know
if it's my place...
but...
I--
Please, just spit it out.
It was about
a year and a half ago.
I was still an associate here,
working late on a brief.
And I saw a light on
in Howard's office.
I assumed the cleaning crew
left it on by mistake.
And I was sure the office
was empty, so I didn't knock.
And?
And Howard was there
at his desk.
Head down.
And he was snorting something.
[SCOFFS]
I looked at him.
He looked at me.
I didn't know what to do,
so I just walked out.
The next morning
when we saw each other,
neither of us
said anything about it.
I never told anyone.
But now I wish I had.
In all the years
that you worked with him,
have you witnessed
anything like this?
Even a hint.
Cliff?
I...
Cheryl, this really isn't
the time or the place.
Cheryl...
you were his wife.
You saw him every day.
You knew him
better than anyone.
Maybe I misunderstood
what I saw.
[SOBS]
You would've known.
Please excuse me.
Her sister's here somewhere,
I'm gonna find her.
I know that was tough...
but it's over.
Really over.
Let the healing begin.
BAILIFF:
All rise.
Court is now in session.
The Honorable
Judge Dearden presiding.
Good afternoon.
We are here to discuss
a motion to exclude evidence
in State of New Mexico
v. Yarborough.
Your Honor,
if I may?
I submitted
an additional motion.
I'm assuming
you have not seen it yet.
Did we get that?
It just came in,
judge.
KIM:
I apologize.
It was a last-minute addition.
Last minute is right.
Do I understand this
correctly?
You're requesting
to withdraw from this case?
KIM:
Yes, Your Honor.
My client is fully informed
and I've already
been in touch
with another attorney,
Paige Novick.
She's highly qualified
and familiar with the case.
She's prepared to step in,
if you'll allow it.
Ms. Wexler, Mr. Orenstein,
approach the bench.
Ms. Wexler, we are here today
at your insistence,
to consider your motion
to exclude evidence,
and this is the moment
you choose to withdraw?
It was unavoidable.
DEARDEN:
May I ask why?
Personal reasons,
Your Honor.
Personal reasons.
Are we talking about
a health issue?
Something to do
with a loved one?
No.
Would you rather discuss this
privately in chambers?
Thank you for
the consideration, but no.
DEARDEN:
Would you care to supply
any detail at all?
Your Honor,
I'd prefer not to.
Mr. Orenstein,
is the state prepared
to discuss
Ms. Wexler's motion?
We are, Your Honor.
Absolutely.
You know what, Ms. Wexler?
Mr. Orenstein is here.
I'm here.
We all showed up
for your party
and now you're taking away
the punch bowl?
I'm inclined to have you
argue your motion
and then I'll consider
late-arriving petitions.
I'm sorry for wasting
the court's time, Your Honor,
but it's impossible for me
to continue with this hearing.
And why is that, Ms. Wexler?
Because I'm no longer
an attorney.
I'm sorry? What?
I gave notice to the bar
two hours ago.
[TIRES SCREECH]
[DOOR UNLOCKS, OPENS]
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
You did what? Why? Why?
All right, all right.
I know why.
But, Kim, you can't--
Jimmy, I--
Just let me say my piece, okay?
Let's take a breath here.
Kim, after everything
that happened...
I mean, Jesus.
I get it.
You wanna climb out of
your own skin. That's natural.
But, Kim, you don't
just throw everything away.
This is your life.
You're a lawyer.
What about your clients?
What about that poor guy,
Mr. Yarborough?
What about the kid
in foster care?
You give them
everything you've got.
Who are they gonna find who's
half as good as you? No one.
They need you.
It's already done.
[GROANS]
Okay. What's done
can be undone.
All I'm saying is let's take
a week or two to think it over.
For now, we're gonna take
some time off.
God knows we need it.
We're gonna find a new place.
We're gonna leave here--
We're never ever
gonna come back here again.
Okay, we're gonna
put it behind us.
Things will look brighter.
I guarantee it.
But first,
we have to fix this.
So we're gonna go back
to the hotel room,
you're gonna write letters.
You're gonna write
a letter to the bar
and to your clients.
You dictate, I will type.
We're gonna roll
this thing back.
I'll order a pizza,
we'll pull an all-nighter.
Because
we're in this together.
Okay?
So I'm gonna go get
your printer
and then we're gonna
get the hell out of here.
Jimmy. Just...
Jimmy.
You asked if
you were bad for me.
That's not it.
We are bad for each other.
Kim...
Don't do this.
Kim, please.
Jimmy.
I have had
the time of my life with you.
But we're bad
for everyone around us.
Other people suffer
because of us.
Apart, we're okay,
but together...
we're poison.
No, no.
Just tell me
what I need to do to change.
Just tell me what it is,
and I'll do it.
Jimmy.
No, Kim.
You make me happy.
We make each other happy.
How can that be bad?
Hey...
I love you.
I love you too.
But so what?
No. No.
No, Kim, you're wrong.
This is about Howard!
What happened to him
wasn't on us.
It wasn't your fault,
it wasn't my fault.
It was that fucking
Lalo Salamanca.
That psychopath
came back from the dead
and he walked through that door,
he did this.
Not us. Him!
I knew.
You knew what?
I knew he was alive.
No, you didn't.
It was about a month ago,
I saw that car
following me again.
It turned out
that Mike Ehrmantraut
had guys watching
both of us,
watching for Lalo.
Mike told you
that Lalo was alive.
And you didn't tell me?
[SIGHS]
I thought it was
a one-in-a-million chance
that he'd come for us.
I thought he would be caught,
if he did.
And I told myself
I was protecting you.
But that's not the truth.
The real reason
I didn't tell you
was because
I knew what you'd do.
What would I do?
You'd blame yourself.
You'd fear for me.
You'd want us to run and hide
until you were sure I was safe.
You would pull the plug
on the scam, and then...
And then...
we'd break up.
And I didn't want that.
Because I was having
too much fun.
[SOBBING]
[PACKING TAPE CRUNCHING
AND ZIPPING]
♪ Any way you want it ♪
♪ That's the way you need it ♪
♪ She loves to laugh
She loves to sing ♪
♪ She does everything ♪
♪ She loves to move
She loves to groove ♪
[RADIO SWITCHES OFF]
Rise and shine,
time to go.
Hit me.
I'm hearing your report
didn't use
the magic words, doc.
Soft. Tissue. Damage.
Doesn't matter
what the X-rays show.
Tissue damage
gets my client paid.
Hey, hey,
you're not listening.
My client isn't just
suing your company,
he's coming after
you, personally.
[SIGHS]
Listen,
you have a choice,
okay? You can...
[SIGHS]
...pay up now
or bleed to death in court,
so I say be smart
and write that check.
You have till EOD.
I'm so sorry,
I'm getting another call.
Got it. What else you got?
Oh, that's my Xanax guy.
Tell him yes and today.
Another public masturbator?
Which one?
A new guy? Huh.
Everyone must be doing it.
What do you mean he hasn't paid?
I saw him give you the card.
A fake?
That sneaky little jackass.
Tell him he'll be spending
St. Patrick's Day in Los Lunas
unless he comes up
with the cash ASAP.
Wait, shut up.
I got a good one.
Did you see a bus went off I-40
up near Gates?
Eighteen people injured.
Don't we know a kid,
an intern
at the hospital up there,
had a bunch of DUIs--
What was his name?
Breakfast bar,
go ahead take one.
I'm not talking to you.
Ramirez. Ramirez. Yes.
Call that kid. Tell him
I want the names
and numbers of all the victims.
I smell class action.
And then get the kid
with the camera.
Send him up there.
And then call the newspaper,
and say that Saul Goodman
is outraged
at the
"Fiery Fiasco on the 40."
That's what
we're gonna call it.
Move it to court day.
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING
ON RADIO]
I'm not going down there
twice in one week.
That's their problem.
Ahem, send a messenger
with Beanie Babies
and an Edible Arrangement
with extra dipped pineapples.
It's-- Shut up.
SAUL'S VOICE [ON RADIO]:
Auto insurance won't pay
for your fender bender?
Ripped off
by your brother-in-law?
Major or minor surgery
gone wrong?
I'm here for you,
Albuquerque!
Better Call Saul!
Call 505-503-4...
Did you hear that?
It's in mono.
I'm not paying
for that muffled crap.
Mono. It's what
the Beatles used. It's ancient.
Look, I sound like
I'm in a well.
Inside of a cave.
Under a blanket.
Who wants a lawyer
who you can't hear?
Here's what you do.
Stop the check, ASAP,
then call the station manager.
Tell him if the ad
doesn't make my ears bleed,
the next time it plays,
I will see him in court.
[FOB TWEETS]
Screw the FCC!
I'll go to the mat
with those pencil-pushers!
[GROANS]
[GRUNTING]
This is textbook
freedom of speech.
What could be
more American than that?
I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy.
[FOB TWEETS]
Get that? Call the bank.
Cancel the check.
Call the station manager.
Tell him to crank it up
or I'll see him in court.
Got it.
["BATTLE HYMM OF THE REPUBLIC"
PLAYING OVER RADIO]
[CHILD WAILING]
Move.
[SIGHS]
Ahh...
[KNUCKLES CRACKING]
[SIGHS]
MAN: What?
All right.
Let justice be done
though the heavens fall.
[PHONE BEEPS]
[♪♪♪]